in total there are 3178 words in the development set
out of which your classifier mislabeled 519

If I had labeled all words as non-entity, I would have mislabeled 519

The following features have been used:



Decision tree:
....................................................... O


correct=B-EntityLOC guess=O        word=Europa                        
correct=B-EntityLOC guess=O        word=Europa                        
correct=B-EntityLOC guess=O        word=Europa                        
correct=B-EntityLOC guess=O        word=Europa                        
correct=B-EntityLOC guess=O        word=Straßburg                     
correct=B-EntityLOC guess=O        word=weltweit                      
correct=B-EntityORG guess=O        word=Der                           
correct=B-EntityORG guess=O        word=Der                           
correct=B-EntityORG guess=O        word=Der                           
correct=B-EntityORG guess=O        word=Der                           
correct=B-EntityORG guess=O        word=Der                           
correct=B-EntityORG guess=O        word=Die                           
correct=B-EntityORG guess=O        word=Die                           
correct=B-EntityORG guess=O        word=Die                           
correct=B-EntityORG guess=O        word=Die                           
correct=B-EntityORG guess=O        word=Die                           
correct=B-EntityORG guess=O        word=Eurojust                      
correct=B-EntityORG guess=O        word=Europa                        
correct=B-EntityORG guess=O        word=Europa                        
correct=B-EntityORG guess=O        word=Europa                        
correct=B-EntityORG guess=O        word=Europa                        
correct=B-EntityORG guess=O        word=Europa                        
correct=B-EntityORG guess=O        word=Europas                       
correct=B-EntityORG guess=O        word=Europas                       
correct=B-EntityORG guess=O        word=Europol                       
correct=B-EntityORG guess=O        word=Europol                       
correct=B-EntityORG guess=O        word=Europol                       
correct=B-EntityORG guess=O        word=Europol                       
correct=B-EntityORG guess=O        word=Europol                       
correct=B-EntityORG guess=O        word=Europäischem                  
correct=B-EntityORG guess=O        word=Meine                         
correct=B-EntityORG guess=O        word=Russland                      
correct=B-EntityORG guess=O        word=beim                          
correct=B-EntityORG guess=O        word=beim                          
correct=B-EntityORG guess=O        word=das                           
correct=B-EntityORG guess=O        word=das                           
correct=B-EntityORG guess=O        word=das                           
correct=B-EntityORG guess=O        word=das                           
correct=B-EntityORG guess=O        word=dem                           
correct=B-EntityORG guess=O        word=dem                           
correct=B-EntityORG guess=O        word=dem                           
correct=B-EntityORG guess=O        word=den                           
correct=B-EntityORG guess=O        word=den                           
correct=B-EntityORG guess=O        word=den                           
correct=B-EntityORG guess=O        word=den                           
correct=B-EntityORG guess=O        word=den                           
correct=B-EntityORG guess=O        word=den                           
correct=B-EntityORG guess=O        word=denselben                     
correct=B-EntityORG guess=O        word=der                           
correct=B-EntityORG guess=O        word=der                           
correct=B-EntityORG guess=O        word=der                           
correct=B-EntityORG guess=O        word=der                           
correct=B-EntityORG guess=O        word=der                           
correct=B-EntityORG guess=O        word=der                           
correct=B-EntityORG guess=O        word=der                           
correct=B-EntityORG guess=O        word=der                           
correct=B-EntityORG guess=O        word=der                           
correct=B-EntityORG guess=O        word=der                           
correct=B-EntityORG guess=O        word=der                           
correct=B-EntityORG guess=O        word=der                           
correct=B-EntityORG guess=O        word=der                           
correct=B-EntityORG guess=O        word=der                           
correct=B-EntityORG guess=O        word=der                           
correct=B-EntityORG guess=O        word=der                           
correct=B-EntityORG guess=O        word=der                           
correct=B-EntityORG guess=O        word=der                           
correct=B-EntityORG guess=O        word=der                           
correct=B-EntityORG guess=O        word=der                           
correct=B-EntityORG guess=O        word=der                           
correct=B-EntityORG guess=O        word=der                           
correct=B-EntityORG guess=O        word=der                           
correct=B-EntityORG guess=O        word=der                           
correct=B-EntityORG guess=O        word=des                           
correct=B-EntityORG guess=O        word=des                           
correct=B-EntityORG guess=O        word=des                           
correct=B-EntityORG guess=O        word=des                           
correct=B-EntityORG guess=O        word=des                           
correct=B-EntityORG guess=O        word=des                           
correct=B-EntityORG guess=O        word=des                           
correct=B-EntityORG guess=O        word=des                           
correct=B-EntityORG guess=O        word=des                           
correct=B-EntityORG guess=O        word=des                           
correct=B-EntityORG guess=O        word=des                           
correct=B-EntityORG guess=O        word=des                           
correct=B-EntityORG guess=O        word=des                           
correct=B-EntityORG guess=O        word=des                           
correct=B-EntityORG guess=O        word=die                           
correct=B-EntityORG guess=O        word=die                           
correct=B-EntityORG guess=O        word=die                           
correct=B-EntityORG guess=O        word=die                           
correct=B-EntityORG guess=O        word=die                           
correct=B-EntityORG guess=O        word=die                           
correct=B-EntityORG guess=O        word=diejenigen                    
correct=B-EntityORG guess=O        word=diesem                        
correct=B-EntityORG guess=O        word=diesem                        
correct=B-EntityORG guess=O        word=diesem                        
correct=B-EntityORG guess=O        word=diesem                        
correct=B-EntityORG guess=O        word=diesen                        
correct=B-EntityORG guess=O        word=diesen                        
correct=B-EntityORG guess=O        word=eine                          
correct=B-EntityORG guess=O        word=einer                         
correct=B-EntityORG guess=O        word=einer                         
correct=B-EntityORG guess=O        word=eines                         
correct=B-EntityORG guess=O        word=einige                        
correct=B-EntityORG guess=O        word=europäischer                  
correct=B-EntityORG guess=O        word=europäischer                  
correct=B-EntityORG guess=O        word=ihrer                         
correct=B-EntityORG guess=O        word=im                            
correct=B-EntityORG guess=O        word=unsere                        
correct=B-EntityORG guess=O        word=zum                           
correct=B-EntityORG guess=O        word=zum                           
correct=B-EntityPER guess=O        word=Abgeordneten                  
correct=B-EntityPER guess=O        word=Abgeordneten                  
correct=B-EntityPER guess=O        word=Abgeordneten                  
correct=B-EntityPER guess=O        word=Abgeordneten                  
correct=B-EntityPER guess=O        word=Abgeordneten                  
correct=B-EntityPER guess=O        word=Abgeordneten                  
correct=B-EntityPER guess=O        word=Abgeordneten                  
correct=B-EntityPER guess=O        word=Dr                            
correct=B-EntityPER guess=O        word=Dr                            
correct=B-EntityPER guess=O        word=Dr                            
correct=B-EntityPER guess=O        word=Frau                          
correct=B-EntityPER guess=O        word=Frau                          
correct=B-EntityPER guess=O        word=Hans-Werner                   
correct=B-EntityPER guess=O        word=Herr                          
correct=B-EntityPER guess=O        word=Herr                          
correct=B-EntityPER guess=O        word=Herr                          
correct=B-EntityPER guess=O        word=Herrn                         
correct=B-EntityPER guess=O        word=Ingrid                        
correct=B-EntityPER guess=O        word=Ingrid                        
correct=B-EntityPER guess=O        word=Ingrid                        
correct=B-EntityPER guess=O        word=Jerzy                         
correct=B-EntityPER guess=O        word=Jerzy                         
correct=B-EntityPER guess=O        word=Jerzy                         
correct=B-EntityPER guess=O        word=Jerzy                         
correct=B-EntityPER guess=O        word=Kerstin                       
correct=B-EntityPER guess=O        word=Meine                         
correct=B-EntityPER guess=O        word=Meine                         
correct=B-EntityPER guess=O        word=Vizepräsidentin               
correct=B-EntityPER guess=O        word=der                           
correct=B-EntityPER guess=O        word=der                           
correct=B-EntityWRK guess=O        word=14                            
correct=B-EntityWRK guess=O        word=Den                           
correct=B-EntityWRK guess=O        word=Grundrechtscharta             
correct=B-EntityWRK guess=O        word=der                           
correct=B-EntityWRK guess=O        word=der                           
correct=B-EntityWRK guess=O        word=des                           
correct=B-EntityWRK guess=O        word=des                           
correct=B-EntityWRK guess=O        word=des                           
correct=B-EntityWRK guess=O        word=die                           
correct=B-EntityWRK guess=O        word=die                           
correct=B-EntityWRK guess=O        word=die                           
correct=B-EntityWRK guess=O        word=einer                         
correct=B-EntityWRK guess=O        word=unserem                       
correct=B-EntityWRK guess=O        word=§                             
correct=B-EntityWRK guess=O        word=§                             
correct=I-EntityORG guess=O        word=,                             
correct=I-EntityORG guess=O        word=-                             
correct=I-EntityORG guess=O        word=.                             
correct=I-EntityORG guess=O        word=.                             
correct=I-EntityORG guess=O        word=.                             
correct=I-EntityORG guess=O        word=.                             
correct=I-EntityORG guess=O        word=.                             
correct=I-EntityORG guess=O        word=.                             
correct=I-EntityORG guess=O        word=.                             
correct=I-EntityORG guess=O        word=/                             
correct=I-EntityORG guess=O        word=/                             
correct=I-EntityORG guess=O        word=/                             
correct=I-EntityORG guess=O        word=90                            
correct=I-EntityORG guess=O        word=90                            
correct=I-EntityORG guess=O        word=Arbeitsgerichte               
correct=I-EntityORG guess=O        word=Aufgaben                      
correct=I-EntityORG guess=O        word=Berlin                        
correct=I-EntityORG guess=O        word=Berlin                        
correct=I-EntityORG guess=O        word=Bundesregierung               
correct=I-EntityORG guess=O        word=Bundesregierung               
correct=I-EntityORG guess=O        word=Bundesregierung               
correct=I-EntityORG guess=O        word=Bundesregierung               
correct=I-EntityORG guess=O        word=Bundestag                     
correct=I-EntityORG guess=O        word=Bundestages                   
correct=I-EntityORG guess=O        word=Bundesverfassungsgericht      
correct=I-EntityORG guess=O        word=Bundesverfassungsgerichts     
correct=I-EntityORG guess=O        word=BÜND                          
correct=I-EntityORG guess=O        word=Bündnis                       
correct=I-EntityORG guess=O        word=CDU                           
correct=I-EntityORG guess=O        word=CSU                           
correct=I-EntityORG guess=O        word=DIE                           
correct=I-EntityORG guess=O        word=Die                           
correct=I-EntityORG guess=O        word=Dienst                        
correct=I-EntityORG guess=O        word=EGMR                          
correct=I-EntityORG guess=O        word=EU-Grundrechteagentur         
correct=I-EntityORG guess=O        word=EU-Ratspräsidentschaft        
correct=I-EntityORG guess=O        word=EU-Ratspräsidentschaft        
correct=I-EntityORG guess=O        word=EU-Ratspräsidentschaft        
correct=I-EntityORG guess=O        word=Einrichtung                   
correct=I-EntityORG guess=O        word=Europaausschusses             
correct=I-EntityORG guess=O        word=Europarat                     
correct=I-EntityORG guess=O        word=Europarates                   
correct=I-EntityORG guess=O        word=Europas                       
correct=I-EntityORG guess=O        word=Europäische                   
correct=I-EntityORG guess=O        word=Europäische                   
correct=I-EntityORG guess=O        word=Europäische                   
correct=I-EntityORG guess=O        word=Europäische                   
correct=I-EntityORG guess=O        word=Europäischen                  
correct=I-EntityORG guess=O        word=Europäischen                  
correct=I-EntityORG guess=O        word=Europäischen                  
correct=I-EntityORG guess=O        word=Europäischen                  
correct=I-EntityORG guess=O        word=Europäischen                  
correct=I-EntityORG guess=O        word=Europäischen                  
correct=I-EntityORG guess=O        word=Europäischen                  
correct=I-EntityORG guess=O        word=F.D.P                         
correct=I-EntityORG guess=O        word=F.D.P                         
correct=I-EntityORG guess=O        word=F.D.P                         
correct=I-EntityORG guess=O        word=F.D.P                         
correct=I-EntityORG guess=O        word=F.D.P                         
correct=I-EntityORG guess=O        word=F.D.P                         
correct=I-EntityORG guess=O        word=F.D.P                         
correct=I-EntityORG guess=O        word=FDP                           
correct=I-EntityORG guess=O        word=FDP                           
correct=I-EntityORG guess=O        word=FDP                           
correct=I-EntityORG guess=O        word=FDP                           
correct=I-EntityORG guess=O        word=FDP                           
correct=I-EntityORG guess=O        word=FDP                           
correct=I-EntityORG guess=O        word=Firma                         
correct=I-EntityORG guess=O        word=Fraktion                      
correct=I-EntityORG guess=O        word=Fraktion                      
correct=I-EntityORG guess=O        word=GRÜNEN                        
correct=I-EntityORG guess=O        word=Gerichte                      
correct=I-EntityORG guess=O        word=Gerichte                      
correct=I-EntityORG guess=O        word=Gerichtshof                   
correct=I-EntityORG guess=O        word=Gerichtshof                   
correct=I-EntityORG guess=O        word=Gerichtshof                   
correct=I-EntityORG guess=O        word=Gerichtshof                   
correct=I-EntityORG guess=O        word=Gerichtshof                   
correct=I-EntityORG guess=O        word=Gerichtshof                   
correct=I-EntityORG guess=O        word=Gerichtshof                   
correct=I-EntityORG guess=O        word=Gerichtshof                   
correct=I-EntityORG guess=O        word=Gerichtshof                   
correct=I-EntityORG guess=O        word=Gerichtshof                   
correct=I-EntityORG guess=O        word=Gerichtshof                   
correct=I-EntityORG guess=O        word=Gerichtshof                   
correct=I-EntityORG guess=O        word=Gerichtshof                   
correct=I-EntityORG guess=O        word=Gerichtshof                   
correct=I-EntityORG guess=O        word=Gerichtshof                   
correct=I-EntityORG guess=O        word=Gerichtshof                   
correct=I-EntityORG guess=O        word=Gerichtshof                   
correct=I-EntityORG guess=O        word=Gerichtshof                   
correct=I-EntityORG guess=O        word=Gerichtshof                   
correct=I-EntityORG guess=O        word=Gerichtshof                   
correct=I-EntityORG guess=O        word=Gerichtshof                   
correct=I-EntityORG guess=O        word=Gerichtshof                   
correct=I-EntityORG guess=O        word=Gerichtshof                   
correct=I-EntityORG guess=O        word=Gerichtshof                   
correct=I-EntityORG guess=O        word=Gerichtshof                   
correct=I-EntityORG guess=O        word=Gerichtshof                   
correct=I-EntityORG guess=O        word=Gerichtshofes                 
correct=I-EntityORG guess=O        word=Gerichtshofs                  
correct=I-EntityORG guess=O        word=Gerichtshofs                  
correct=I-EntityORG guess=O        word=Gerichtshofs                  
correct=I-EntityORG guess=O        word=Gerichtshofs                  
correct=I-EntityORG guess=O        word=Gerichtshofs                  
correct=I-EntityORG guess=O        word=Gerichtshofs                  
correct=I-EntityORG guess=O        word=Gerichtshofs                  
correct=I-EntityORG guess=O        word=Gerichtshofs                  
correct=I-EntityORG guess=O        word=Gerichtshofs                  
correct=I-EntityORG guess=O        word=Gerichtshofs                  
correct=I-EntityORG guess=O        word=Grünen                        
correct=I-EntityORG guess=O        word=Hause                         
correct=I-EntityORG guess=O        word=Hause                         
correct=I-EntityORG guess=O        word=Hause                         
correct=I-EntityORG guess=O        word=Konvention                    
correct=I-EntityORG guess=O        word=Krankenversicherung           
correct=I-EntityORG guess=O        word=LAG                           
correct=I-EntityORG guess=O        word=LAG                           
correct=I-EntityORG guess=O        word=LAG                           
correct=I-EntityORG guess=O        word=Medizinische                  
correct=I-EntityORG guess=O        word=Menschenrechte                
correct=I-EntityORG guess=O        word=Menschenrechte                
correct=I-EntityORG guess=O        word=Menschenrechte                
correct=I-EntityORG guess=O        word=Menschenrechte                
correct=I-EntityORG guess=O        word=Menschenrechte                
correct=I-EntityORG guess=O        word=Menschenrechte                
correct=I-EntityORG guess=O        word=Menschenrechte                
correct=I-EntityORG guess=O        word=Menschenrechte                
correct=I-EntityORG guess=O        word=Mitgliedstaaten               
correct=I-EntityORG guess=O        word=Mitgliedstaaten               
correct=I-EntityORG guess=O        word=Mitgliedstaaten               
correct=I-EntityORG guess=O        word=Mitgliedstaaten               
correct=I-EntityORG guess=O        word=NIS                           
correct=I-EntityORG guess=O        word=Opposition                    
correct=I-EntityORG guess=O        word=Regierungskoalition           
correct=I-EntityORG guess=O        word=Regierungskoalition           
correct=I-EntityORG guess=O        word=Siemens                       
correct=I-EntityORG guess=O        word=Staaten                       
correct=I-EntityORG guess=O        word=Staatsanwalt                  
correct=I-EntityORG guess=O        word=Staatsanwaltschaften          
correct=I-EntityORG guess=O        word=Union                         
correct=I-EntityORG guess=O        word=als                           
correct=I-EntityORG guess=O        word=appellieren                   
correct=I-EntityORG guess=O        word=den                           
correct=I-EntityORG guess=O        word=der                           
correct=I-EntityORG guess=O        word=der                           
correct=I-EntityORG guess=O        word=des                           
correct=I-EntityORG guess=O        word=des                           
correct=I-EntityORG guess=O        word=deutschen                     
correct=I-EntityORG guess=O        word=die                           
correct=I-EntityORG guess=O        word=entziehen                     
correct=I-EntityORG guess=O        word=europäischen                  
correct=I-EntityORG guess=O        word=europäischen                  
correct=I-EntityORG guess=O        word=für                           
correct=I-EntityORG guess=O        word=für                           
correct=I-EntityORG guess=O        word=für                           
correct=I-EntityORG guess=O        word=für                           
correct=I-EntityORG guess=O        word=für                           
correct=I-EntityORG guess=O        word=für                           
correct=I-EntityORG guess=O        word=für                           
correct=I-EntityORG guess=O        word=für                           
correct=I-EntityORG guess=O        word=ihnen                         
correct=I-EntityORG guess=O        word=nach                          
correct=I-EntityORG guess=O        word=politischen                   
correct=I-EntityORG guess=O        word=sich                          
correct=I-EntityORG guess=O        word=zufallenden                   
correct=I-EntityORG guess=O        word=zusammenwachsenden            
correct=I-EntityPER guess=O        word=.                             
correct=I-EntityPER guess=O        word=.                             
correct=I-EntityPER guess=O        word=.                             
correct=I-EntityPER guess=O        word=/                             
correct=I-EntityPER guess=O        word=/                             
correct=I-EntityPER guess=O        word=/                             
correct=I-EntityPER guess=O        word=/                             
correct=I-EntityPER guess=O        word=/                             
correct=I-EntityPER guess=O        word=/                             
correct=I-EntityPER guess=O        word=/                             
correct=I-EntityPER guess=O        word=/                             
correct=I-EntityPER guess=O        word=/                             
correct=I-EntityPER guess=O        word=/                             
correct=I-EntityPER guess=O        word=/                             
correct=I-EntityPER guess=O        word=/                             
correct=I-EntityPER guess=O        word=/                             
correct=I-EntityPER guess=O        word=90                            
correct=I-EntityPER guess=O        word=90                            
correct=I-EntityPER guess=O        word=90                            
correct=I-EntityPER guess=O        word=90                            
correct=I-EntityPER guess=O        word=90                            
correct=I-EntityPER guess=O        word=90                            
correct=I-EntityPER guess=O        word=90                            
correct=I-EntityPER guess=O        word=90                            
correct=I-EntityPER guess=O        word=90                            
correct=I-EntityPER guess=O        word=90                            
correct=I-EntityPER guess=O        word=Bartl                         
correct=I-EntityPER guess=O        word=Bläss                         
correct=I-EntityPER guess=O        word=Bundesinnenminister           
correct=I-EntityPER guess=O        word=BÜNDNIS                       
correct=I-EntityPER guess=O        word=BÜNDNIS                       
correct=I-EntityPER guess=O        word=BÜNDNIS                       
correct=I-EntityPER guess=O        word=BÜNDNIS                       
correct=I-EntityPER guess=O        word=BÜNDNIS                       
correct=I-EntityPER guess=O        word=BÜNDNIS                       
correct=I-EntityPER guess=O        word=BÜNDNIS                       
correct=I-EntityPER guess=O        word=BÜNDNISSES                    
correct=I-EntityPER guess=O        word=BÜNDNISSES                    
correct=I-EntityPER guess=O        word=BÜNDNISSES                    
correct=I-EntityPER guess=O        word=CDU                           
correct=I-EntityPER guess=O        word=CDU                           
correct=I-EntityPER guess=O        word=CDU                           
correct=I-EntityPER guess=O        word=CSU                           
correct=I-EntityPER guess=O        word=CSU                           
correct=I-EntityPER guess=O        word=CSU                           
correct=I-EntityPER guess=O        word=DIE                           
correct=I-EntityPER guess=O        word=DIE                           
correct=I-EntityPER guess=O        word=DIE                           
correct=I-EntityPER guess=O        word=DIE                           
correct=I-EntityPER guess=O        word=DIE                           
correct=I-EntityPER guess=O        word=DIE                           
correct=I-EntityPER guess=O        word=DIE                           
correct=I-EntityPER guess=O        word=DIE                           
correct=I-EntityPER guess=O        word=DIE                           
correct=I-EntityPER guess=O        word=DIE                           
correct=I-EntityPER guess=O        word=Damen                         
correct=I-EntityPER guess=O        word=Damen                         
correct=I-EntityPER guess=O        word=Europarates                   
correct=I-EntityPER guess=O        word=FDP                           
correct=I-EntityPER guess=O        word=FDP                           
correct=I-EntityPER guess=O        word=FDP                           
correct=I-EntityPER guess=O        word=GRÜNEN                        
correct=I-EntityPER guess=O        word=GRÜNEN                        
correct=I-EntityPER guess=O        word=GRÜNEN                        
correct=I-EntityPER guess=O        word=GRÜNEN                        
correct=I-EntityPER guess=O        word=GRÜNEN                        
correct=I-EntityPER guess=O        word=GRÜNEN                        
correct=I-EntityPER guess=O        word=GRÜNEN                        
correct=I-EntityPER guess=O        word=GRÜNEN                        
correct=I-EntityPER guess=O        word=GRÜNEN                        
correct=I-EntityPER guess=O        word=GRÜNEN                        
correct=I-EntityPER guess=O        word=Herren                        
correct=I-EntityPER guess=O        word=Herren                        
correct=I-EntityPER guess=O        word=Hoyer                         
correct=I-EntityPER guess=O        word=Hoyer                         
correct=I-EntityPER guess=O        word=Hoyer                         
correct=I-EntityPER guess=O        word=Hönlinger                     
correct=I-EntityPER guess=O        word=Hönlinger                     
correct=I-EntityPER guess=O        word=Hönlinger                     
correct=I-EntityPER guess=O        word=Koalition                     
correct=I-EntityPER guess=O        word=Kollege                       
correct=I-EntityPER guess=O        word=Kollegin                      
correct=I-EntityPER guess=O        word=Meyer                         
correct=I-EntityPER guess=O        word=Mitglieder                    
correct=I-EntityPER guess=O        word=Montag                        
correct=I-EntityPER guess=O        word=Montag                        
correct=I-EntityPER guess=O        word=Montag                        
correct=I-EntityPER guess=O        word=Montag                        
correct=I-EntityPER guess=O        word=Petra                         
correct=I-EntityPER guess=O        word=Präsident                     
correct=I-EntityPER guess=O        word=Präsidentin                   
correct=I-EntityPER guess=O        word=Rüttgers                      
correct=I-EntityPER guess=O        word=SPD                           
correct=I-EntityPER guess=O        word=SPD                           
correct=I-EntityPER guess=O        word=SPD                           
correct=I-EntityPER guess=O        word=SPD                           
correct=I-EntityPER guess=O        word=Tack                          
correct=I-EntityPER guess=O        word=Werner                        
correct=I-EntityPER guess=O        word=Werner                        
correct=I-EntityPER guess=O        word=Werner                        
correct=I-EntityPER guess=O        word=[                             
correct=I-EntityPER guess=O        word=[                             
correct=I-EntityPER guess=O        word=[                             
correct=I-EntityPER guess=O        word=[                             
correct=I-EntityPER guess=O        word=[                             
correct=I-EntityPER guess=O        word=[                             
correct=I-EntityPER guess=O        word=[                             
correct=I-EntityPER guess=O        word=[                             
correct=I-EntityPER guess=O        word=[                             
correct=I-EntityPER guess=O        word=[                             
correct=I-EntityPER guess=O        word=[                             
correct=I-EntityPER guess=O        word=[                             
correct=I-EntityPER guess=O        word=]                             
correct=I-EntityPER guess=O        word=]                             
correct=I-EntityPER guess=O        word=]                             
correct=I-EntityPER guess=O        word=]                             
correct=I-EntityPER guess=O        word=]                             
correct=I-EntityPER guess=O        word=]                             
correct=I-EntityPER guess=O        word=]                             
correct=I-EntityPER guess=O        word=]                             
correct=I-EntityPER guess=O        word=]                             
correct=I-EntityPER guess=O        word=]                             
correct=I-EntityPER guess=O        word=]                             
correct=I-EntityPER guess=O        word=der                           
correct=I-EntityPER guess=O        word=der                           
correct=I-EntityPER guess=O        word=der                           
correct=I-EntityPER guess=O        word=der                           
correct=I-EntityPER guess=O        word=der                           
correct=I-EntityPER guess=O        word=der                           
correct=I-EntityPER guess=O        word=des                           
correct=I-EntityPER guess=O        word=des                           
correct=I-EntityPER guess=O        word=des                           
correct=I-EntityPER guess=O        word=des                           
correct=I-EntityPER guess=O        word=geehrten                      
correct=I-EntityPER guess=O        word=sehr                          
correct=I-EntityPER guess=O        word=und                           
correct=I-EntityPER guess=O        word=und                           
correct=I-EntityPER guess=O        word=und                           
correct=I-EntityPER guess=O        word=von                           
correct=I-EntityWRK guess=O        word=,                             
correct=I-EntityWRK guess=O        word=,                             
correct=I-EntityWRK guess=O        word=,                             
correct=I-EntityWRK guess=O        word=,                             
correct=I-EntityWRK guess=O        word=-                             
correct=I-EntityWRK guess=O        word=.                             
correct=I-EntityWRK guess=O        word=.                             
correct=I-EntityWRK guess=O        word=.                             
correct=I-EntityWRK guess=O        word=.                             
correct=I-EntityWRK guess=O        word=.                             
correct=I-EntityWRK guess=O        word=10                            
correct=I-EntityWRK guess=O        word=12                            
correct=I-EntityWRK guess=O        word=17                            
correct=I-EntityWRK guess=O        word=2                             
correct=I-EntityWRK guess=O        word=5                             
correct=I-EntityWRK guess=O        word=612                           
correct=I-EntityWRK guess=O        word=Abs                           
correct=I-EntityWRK guess=O        word=Amsterdam                     
correct=I-EntityWRK guess=O        word=Amsterdam                     
correct=I-EntityWRK guess=O        word=Arbeitsrecht                  
correct=I-EntityWRK guess=O        word=Arbeitsrechts                 
correct=I-EntityWRK guess=O        word=Arbeitsschutzgesetz           
correct=I-EntityWRK guess=O        word=Art                           
correct=I-EntityWRK guess=O        word=Art                           
correct=I-EntityWRK guess=O        word=Art                           
correct=I-EntityWRK guess=O        word=BGB                           
correct=I-EntityWRK guess=O        word=Europäischen                  
correct=I-EntityWRK guess=O        word=GG                            
correct=I-EntityWRK guess=O        word=GG                            
correct=I-EntityWRK guess=O        word=Gewerbebetrieb                
correct=I-EntityWRK guess=O        word=Grundrechtscharta             
correct=I-EntityWRK guess=O        word=Grundrechtscharta             
correct=I-EntityWRK guess=O        word=Klausel                       
correct=I-EntityWRK guess=O        word=Koalitionsantrag              
correct=I-EntityWRK guess=O        word=Konventionsrechte             
correct=I-EntityWRK guess=O        word=Meinungsfreiheit              
correct=I-EntityWRK guess=O        word=Menschenrechtskonvention      
correct=I-EntityWRK guess=O        word=Unternehmerfreiheit           
correct=I-EntityWRK guess=O        word=Verfassung                    
correct=I-EntityWRK guess=O        word=Vertrag                       
correct=I-EntityWRK guess=O        word=Vertrags                      
correct=I-EntityWRK guess=O        word=Vorschriften                  
correct=I-EntityWRK guess=O        word=Zusatzprotokoll               
correct=I-EntityWRK guess=O        word=a                             
correct=I-EntityWRK guess=O        word=der                           
correct=I-EntityWRK guess=O        word=deutschen                     
correct=I-EntityWRK guess=O        word=die                           
correct=I-EntityWRK guess=O        word=europäischen                  
correct=I-EntityWRK guess=O        word=europäischen                  
correct=I-EntityWRK guess=O        word=haben                         
correct=I-EntityWRK guess=O        word=im                            
correct=I-EntityWRK guess=O        word=salvatorische                 
correct=I-EntityWRK guess=O        word=und                           
correct=I-EntityWRK guess=O        word=verfassungsrechtlichen        
correct=I-EntityWRK guess=O        word=von                           
correct=I-EntityWRK guess=O        word=von                           
correct=I-EntityWRK guess=O        word=wir                           
